Update browser support page (#102)
stackblitz/docs: docs/platform/webcontainers/browser-support.md

---
title: &title WebContainers Browser Support

> description: &description For WebContainers, we support desktop Chromium-based browsers out of the box, Safari 16.4 TP, and Firefox in alpha state.

Reviewer: I'm not that good at comma's, but do we need to remove this one to indicate that Safari is also alpha?

```suggestion
description: &description For WebContainers, we support desktop Chromium-based browsers out of the box, Safari 16.4 TP and Firefox in alpha state.
```

Author: Oh I see. 

```suggestion
description: &description For WebContainers, we support desktop Chromium-based browsers out of the box, as well as Safari 16.4 TP and Firefox, which both are in alpha state.
```

Reviewer: Yes, I like that!

> description: &description For WebContainers, we support desktop Chromium-based browsers out of the box, as well as Safari 16.4 TP and Firefox, which both are in alpha state.

Author: ```suggestion
description: &description For WebContainers, we support desktop Chromium-based browsers out of the box, as well as Safari 16.4 TP and Firefox, which both are in beta.
```

Author: @SamVerschueren ?

_Last update: February 2023_

> **TL;DR** For WebContainers, we support desktop Chromium-based browsers out of the box, Safari 16.4 TP, and Firefox in alpha state. If you have issues with supported browsers, [check your browser configuration](/platform/webcontainers/browser-config).

Reviewer: Same comment as above

Author: ```suggestion
**TL;DR** For WebContainers, we support desktop Chromium-based browsers out of the box, as well as Safari 16.4 TP and Firefox, which both are in alpha state.. If you have issues with supported browsers, [check your browser configuration](/platform/webcontainers/browser-config).
```

> **TL;DR** For WebContainers, we support desktop Chromium-based browsers out of the box, as well as Safari 16.4 TP and Firefox, which both are in alpha state. If you have issues with supported browsers, [check your browser configuration](/platform/webcontainers/browser-config).

Author: ```suggestion
**TL;DR** For WebContainers, we support desktop Chromium-based browsers out of the box, as well as Safari 16.4 TP and Firefox, which both are in beta. If you have issues with supported browsers, [check your browser configuration](/platform/webcontainers/browser-config).
```

Reviewer: Thanks for making these consistent! 👍

## Safari

> Starting with Safari 16.4 TP, WebContainers fully work in Safari.

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with Safari 16.4 TP,  WebContainers are in beta for Safari.
```

> Starting with Safari 16.4 TP, WebContainers fully work in Safari.

Author: Thank you!

> Starting with Safari 16.4 TP,  WebContainers are in beta for Safari.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Safari 16.4 TP, WebContainers are in beta for Safari.
```

There's an additional space 🙈

Author: thank you, detective! 🕵️‍♂️
